lightning: add parameters to make it more stable to import large mount of data (#13562)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage.md

You can manually identify the records that need to be retained and insert these records into the table.

> ## Scope for pausing scheduling during import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scope of pausing scheduling during import
```

https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/scope

> If there is **scope for** a particular kind of behaviour or activity, people have the **opportunity** to behave in this way or do that activity.

Starting from v6.2.0, TiDB Lightning implements a mechanism to limit the impact of data import on online applications. With the new mechanism, TiDB Lightning does not pause the global scheduling, but only pauses scheduling for the region that stores the target table data. This significantly reduces the impact of the import on online applications.

> Starting from v7.1.0, you can control the scope of pausing scheduling by using the TiDB Lightning parameter [pause-pd-scheduler-scope](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md). The default is `"table "`, which means to only pauses scheduling for the region that stores the target table data. When there is no business traffic in the cluster, it is recommended to set it to `"global"` to reduce the interference from the scheduler on the import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v7.1.0, you can control the scope of pausing scheduling by using the TiDB Lightning parameter [`pause-pd-scheduler-scope`](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md). The default value is `"table "`, which means that the scheduling is paused only for the Region that stores the target table data. When there is no business traffic in the cluster, it is recommended to set this parameter to `"global"` to avoid interference from other scheduling during the import.
```

> Starting from v7.1.0, you can control the scope of pausing scheduling by using the TiDB Lightning parameter [`pause-pd-scheduler-scope`](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md). The default value is `"table "`, which means that the scheduling is paused only for the Region that stores the target table data. When there is no business traffic in the cluster, it is recommended to set this parameter to `"global"` to avoid interference from other scheduling during the import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v7.1.0, you can control the scope of pausing scheduling by using the TiDB Lightning parameter [`pause-pd-scheduler-scope`](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md). The default value is `"table"`, which means that the scheduling is paused only for the Region that stores the target table data. When there is no business traffic in the cluster, it is recommended to set this parameter to `"global"` to avoid interference from other scheduling during the import.
```
